you ever feel like even after someone
you love has died there's still away you
can talk to them you can't do that she's
gone the board isn't that what you're
supposed to do with it we're all friends
with Debbie and so when she dies um it's
very unexpected and I think we all kind
of feel this this immediate riff of you
know what happened and there were so
many unanswered questions and so as a
group of friends as a group of people
that cared deeply about her we just
wanted to have some closure if there's a
presence here please make yourself known
this is a joke I'm very scared to go
anywhere near that thing but I've heard
several stories from several people that
they've had bad experiences calm down
it's an old house I think that's why I
tend to keep it hidden
you know the acting world we were
tricked and and it wasn't actually
Debbie and you know we got sucked into
this horror that is the game that ensues
I don't see anything guys
I think we should get out of here he
opened up a spirit door because you know
she tampered with something that she
wasn't supposed to and she did in a way
that you know she broke her rule
I've always told not to mess with a
Ouija board people people told me horror
stories about contacting a spirit from
Mike from Russia and its really and just
like bizarre bizarre tales it's not even
real okay it's just